c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vista\Vista\bin\Debug\Vista.exe.config
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vista\Vista\bin\Debug\Vista.exe
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vista\Vista\bin\Debug\Vista.pdb
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vista\Vista\bin\Debug\Controlador.dll
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vista\Vista\bin\Debug\Modelo.dll
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vista\Vista\bin\Debug\AccesoDatos.dll
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vista\Vista\bin\Debug\Controlador.pdb
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vista\Vista\bin\Debug\Modelo.pdb
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vista\Vista\bin\Debug\AccesoDatos.pdb
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vista\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vista\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.frmRegistroProducto.resources
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vista\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vista\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vista\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.exe
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vista\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.pdb
c:\users\freddy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vista\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.frmBusquedaProductos.resources
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\Vista.exe.config
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\Vista.exe
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\Vista.pdb
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\Controlador.dll
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\Modelo.dll
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\AccesoDatos.dll
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\Controlador.pdb
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\Modelo.pdb
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\AccesoDatos.pdb
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.frmBusquedaProductos.resources
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.frmRegistroProducto.resources
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.exe
C:\Users\Freddy\Desktop\FP\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.pdb
E:\Cursos\2018-1\Lenguaje de Programación 2\Semana 6\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Cursos\2018-1\Lenguaje de Programación 2\Semana 6\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.frmBusquedaProductos.resources
E:\Cursos\2018-1\Lenguaje de Programación 2\Semana 6\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.frmRegistroProducto.resources
E:\Cursos\2018-1\Lenguaje de Programación 2\Semana 6\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Cursos\2018-1\Lenguaje de Programación 2\Semana 6\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
E:\Cursos\2018-1\Lenguaje de Programación 2\Semana 6\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\Cursos\2018-1\Lenguaje de Programación 2\Semana 6\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.exe
E:\Cursos\2018-1\Lenguaje de Programación 2\Semana 6\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.pdb
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.frmBusquedaProductos.resources
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.frmRegistroProducto.resources
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.exe
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.pdb
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\Vista.exe.config
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\Vista.exe
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\Vista.pdb
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\Controlador.dll
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\Modelo.dll
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\AccesoDatos.dll
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\Controlador.pdb
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\Modelo.pdb
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\bin\Debug\AccesoDatos.pdb
C:\Users\jorge\Desktop\Capas\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.csproj.CopyComplete
